ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/UserInterface/01b_Balances.md

# Balances

> The *BALANCES* tab offers a T-account view of the current credit and debit situation, and the resulting balance of a selected account. The information displayed in the T-account view is read-only.
> 
> 
> ## Balances view without account selection
> 
> *Accounting > Post > Tab BALANCES*
> 
> ![Balances - no account selected](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Balances/BalancesNoAccount.png "[Balances - no account selected]")
> 
> When clicking the *BALANCES* tab, a blank tab and the notice "No account selected" may be displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details. If a posting is selected in the *POSTINGS* tab, the account and contra account details corresponding to the selected posting will be displayed in the *BALANCES* tab.
> 
> For detailed information about accessing the balance view of an account, see [Access the balance view of an account](../Operation/02_ReviewAccount.md#access-the-balance-view-of-an-account).
> 
> ## Balances view with account selection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *BALANCES* tab offers a T-account view of the current credit and debit situation, and the resulting balance of a selected account.    
An account and/or contra account must be selected to display the corresponding details. Otherwise, the notice *No account selected* is displayed on both sides of the T-view. You can either select an account in the *POST* tab and switch to the *BALANCE* tab or directly enter an account and/or contra account number in the input line in the bottom.

  If a posting is selected in the *POSTINGS* tab, the account and contra account details corresponding to the selected posting will be displayed in the *BALANCES* tab.

For detailed information about accessing the balance view of an account, see [Access the balance view of an account](../Operation/02_ReviewAccount.md#access-the-balance-view-of-an-account).

## Balances view with account selection
```

> The *BALANCES* tab offers a T-account view of the current credit and debit situation, and the resulting balance of a selected account. The information displayed in the T-account view is read-only.
> 
> 
> ## Balances view without account selection
> 
> *Accounting > Post > Tab BALANCES*
> 
> ![Balances - no account selected](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Balances/BalancesNoAccount.png "[Balances - no account selected]")
> 
> When clicking the *BALANCES* tab, a blank tab and the notice "No account selected" may be displayed. An account must be selected to display the corresponding details. If a posting is selected in the *POSTINGS* tab, the account and contra account details corresponding to the selected posting will be displayed in the *BALANCES* tab.
> 
> For detailed information about accessing the balance view of an account, see [Access the balance view of an account](../Operation/02_ReviewAccount.md#access-the-balance-view-of-an-account).
> 
> ## Balances view with account selection
> 
> *Accounting > Post > Tab BALANCES*
> 
> ![Balances](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Balances/Balances.png "[Balances]")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Accounting > Post > Tab BALANCES*

![Balances](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Balances/Balances.png "[Balances]")

The *BALANCES* tab offers a T-account view of the current credit and debit situation, and the resulting balance of a selected account.    
An account and/or contra account must be selected to display the corresponding details. Otherwise, the notice *No account selected* is displayed on both sides of the T-view.    
You can either select an account in the *POST* tab and switch to the *BALANCE* tab or directly enter an account and/or contra account number in the input line in the bottom. For detailed information about accessing the balance view of an account, see [Access the balance view of an account](../Operation/02_ReviewAccount.md#access-the-balance-view-of-an-account).
```

- *Fiscal year XXXX/Month X/Journal X*  
This text displays the fiscal year, month and journal currently selected. This information is read-only.

  > [Info] If the fiscal year or the posting period need to be changed, click the [FY/MONTH/JOURNAL] button to display the select fiscal year window. For detailed information, see [Fiscal year](./00a_FiscalYear.md) and [Select a fiscal year](../Operation/01_SelectFiscalYear.md).

- ![Left arrow](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Left arrow]") (Left arrow)   
Click this arrow to open the *Post extras* side bar. For detailed information about searching in the *Accounting* module, see [Search in accounting](../Operation/14_SearchAccounting.md).

> - *Balance for account (account number) (account name)*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *Balance for account*  
```

> The balance for the selected **contra account** is displayed on the left side of the workspace. The balance for the selected **account** is displayed on the right side of the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Balance details for the selected accounts. The balance for the selected **contra account** is displayed on the left side of the T-view. The balance for the selected **account** is displayed on the right side of the  T-view.
```

> - *Balance for account (account number) (account name)*  
> The balance for the selected **contra account** is displayed on the left side of the workspace. The balance for the selected **account** is displayed on the right side of the workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Balance for account**  

The workspace displays the balances for the selected account and/or contra account whose number and name are specified in the balances' titles. All fields are read-only.   
The balance for the selected **contra account** is displayed on the left side of the workspace. The balance for the selected **account** is displayed on the right side of the workspace.
```

> - *CREDIT (CURRENCY)*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *CREDIT CURRENCY*  
```

> On the left side of the T-account view, the credit is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The credit of the selected account or contra account is displayed on the left side of the T-account view.
```

> - *DEBIT (CURRENCY)*  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- *DEBIT*  
```

> On the right side of the T-account view, the debit is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The debit of the selected account or contra account is displayed on the left side of each T-account view.
```

- *All months*  
Click this radio button to display the balances for all months.

- *Only this month*  

> Click this radio button to display the balances only for the selected month.

Reviewer: Verweis auf Input line muss noch rein -> ggf. input line als eigenen header in 01a_Bookings oder ebenso wie die anderen Funktionen in separatem Dokument, damit man darauf verweisen kann.

> - *All months*  
> Click this radio button to display the balances for all months.
> 
> - *Only this month*  
> Click this radio button to display the balances only for the selected month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ![Radio button](../../Assets/Icons/Radiobutton.png "[Radio button]") *All months*  
Select this radio button to display the balances for all months.

- ![Radio button](../../Assets/Icons/Radiobutton.png "[Radio button]")  *Only this month*  
Select this radio button to display the balances only for the selected month.
```
